Boss, you are finally back.
Your story has spread all over the park
It's all thanks to everyone
Everyone has a share, boss
Good to have you
Otherwise I would have been dead
It's fine, it's fine
Boss heard from Jiang Lu that the Shixin Association had disbanded
The inspectorate is gone
Now we 316 dominate the entire park.
Your wish to dominate SM has come true
Hey, I was like, fun.
Shen Qingyan congratulations
You did it.
Xiuliang, you have worked hard too.
Then our Comrade Shen won't tell us a few words.
OK
I hereby declare 316 disbanded
SM Park
There will be no more violent groups like this
Ah everyone
Or go back to your job immediately
Has taken over the normal operation of the park
There is only a way out when you put your feet on the ground
Rather than fighting
Qi Le will have a big shot to inspect next month
If you don't behave better then, be careful I spank you
You're just jealous that my butt is bigger than yours
My legs are longer than yours
Hey, what about landing?